What are you doing?
thought circle
This is the so-called Under the Nine Heavens
A god formation that no one can break
Since it's a small matter
A single drop of blood broke these four arrays
It's just a dream
Although this battle is impregnable
It's a death row
But there are also some tricks hidden
That is a drop of surprise for the deity
Four arrays broken
This child actually broke 4 arrays
How is that possible?
The Holy One is now broken
Immortal Pavilion opens
Is Zhu Shang dead?
No, your surprise can be resolved
Four arrays
But it is definitely not something that can be understood by the descendants of heaven and earth
Then don't forget our previous agreement
Holy Promise
Of course I won't stop
Fairy elixir
Put any of this outside
It's all a treasure
Ye Chen, this kid really did the practice of the ninth revolution of heaven and earth
Hidden in this broken box
Brother Lin is really amazing
Dusty Immortal Pavilion
It was opened by a drop of your menstrual blood
Little brother, what did this kid do?
How to make Zunkui align so politely
Just happened to be in a book
I just saw the solution in ancient books
It's not a big deal.
Little Brother Lin, whether it is talent or opportunity
No one can match
That being the case
Scene 2 come out
Sure enough, it was the first day of Xuanying Sect's teaching
Not only talent
And gave birth to such a pious and patriotic son
I said I'm not interested in the Virgin
However, this deity lacks an oath
Saintess if she wills
The deity can consider it.